Anne played well but there is flanders in
Clement interception play well
captain that it happened there in front of his
zee lady
Accor golden and flipped pay the
lot of the wii turn around once they
are both times they would be
every three times and
and in sydney
remarkable said you I had to
and that's where
I made little ones but this man did not
been dangerous on his side
if he does not dominate
is to conclude 1
we work two new friends
loulou there it comes from the armchairs
questionable about luz at the opening of the
score so just before the half time by
the lyonnais sidney govou in your dedicated
all the good they had brought to
the French tax on his right side and
who scores his third goal
sidney govou
and always on this right side where he
had been in view since the beginning of the
part 9,23 I believe
yeah
ps left to this area that is bursting with
AIDS
easy that
who scored his first goal in re
it's wrong that it's good only on the
sumptuous drive zidane and there was
fault she too who had come to do
a few shopping to vote left side
is really everybody everybody
thought the balloon was coming up
roth but the genius is that it's
do the opposite and succeed
do not count it is not it
everyone is served he does not look
he looks in addition they do not look at a
age vault and without looking at a single
time he did not look at it once
the picture nothing human life once the
head to hotels and luisa it looks at me
and then they are not like that ah
yes yes he gives him a balloon to
standards and first opportunity